[enterprise-4.17] RHDEVDOCS-6089: Deprecate tech preview for Shared Resource CSI driver (#81605)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-running-entitled-builds-with-sharedsecret-objects.adoc

The `SharedSecret` object allows you to share and synchronize secrets across namespaces.

[NOTE]
====

> The Shared Resource CSI Driver feature is now generally available and included in Builds 1.1 or later for OpenShift. To use this feature, ensure you are running Build 1.1 or a more recent version.

Reviewer: IMO this will be confusing to customers. I read this initially as "this is GA in OpenShift itself". We need to be very clear that this will be a _deprecated_ feature in OpenShift core, and will be GA in a separate, layered product.

====
The Shared Resource CSI Driver feature is now generally available in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/builds_for_red_hat_openshift/1.1[builds for Red Hat OpenShift 1.1]. This feature is now deprecated in the OpenShift Container Platform. To use this feature, ensure you are using builds for Red Hat OpenShift 1.1 or a more recent version.
====

.Prerequisites

> * You have enabled the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set by using the feature gates. For more information, see xref:../../nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-enabling-features.adoc#nodes-cluster-enabling[Enabling features using feature gates].

Reviewer: Is the intent that customers will be following the doc here as if they installed via Builds for OpenShift?

The `SharedSecret` object allows you to share and synchronize secrets across namespaces.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Shared Resource CSI Driver feature is now generally available in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/builds_for_red_hat_openshift/1.1[builds for Red Hat OpenShift 1.1]. This feature is now deprecated in the OpenShift Container Platform. To use this feature, ensure you are using builds for Red Hat OpenShift 1.1 or a more recent version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Shared Resource CSI Driver feature is now generally available in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/builds_for_red_hat_openshift/1.1[{builds-v2title} 1.1]. This feature is now deprecated in {product-title}. To use this feature, ensure you are using {builds-v2title} 1.1 or a more recent version.
```
